So this is going to be our platform for
the day.
We are going to use this as our tool to
debug a bunch of different classes of
errors.
But before we do that, I should talk a
little bit about just general structure so
that nobody gets lost in it.
getRANTr itself is using an older
framework called Backbone.JS and
it is not important at all for
you to know anything about it.
So don't worry, Backbone, all of Backbone
structures itself basically like this.
You'll see Backbone.SOMETHING.extend,
and then there'll be all of the functions
that we actually care about.
All of the bugs are in our functions.
You don't need to worry
about Backbone at all.
You just need to worry about our code.
Let's have a look at what the structure
this actually looks like.
Some of the decisions that I've made
with getRANTr are frankly silly.
The point of this was to make the fewest
number of concepts possible to have
a working app so that everybody
here approaching from different
backgrounds would have an easier time
grokking how the whole thing works.
The structure of getRANTr that you'll see,
there's only a few things
you need to care about.
At the top level,
there's an Exercises folder.
That's not part of the code base at all.
This is just your details about
each exercise we're going to do.
Don't scroll to the bottom
that has the solutions.
I encourage you all to try them first and
then if you get stuck,
you can scroll to the bottom and we'll
tell you exactly how to fix each bug.
The code itself is stored in
the source > public folder.
The other stuff in source is
all about the getRANTr server.
There are no bugs in the getRANTr server.
Well, there are no bugs that are part
of this routine that we need to
fix in the getRANTr server.
I'm sure there are a bunch of bugs in it.
All the stuff that we need to
care about is in source > public.
And this is the web application.
There's two root pages index.html and
signup.html.
Index.html is fairly straightforward
markup using Bootstrap, but
you don't need to worry
about anything with styling.
All the scripts are just included
as straight up script tags.
There's nothing magical happening here.
I just referenced each script in
the order they need to come in.
The scripts themselves are all
stored in public > scripts.
And they're all named
fairly straightforwardly
about what they need to do.
Here's an example.
As you can see from my from the Backbone
thing, all of the stuff that we need to do
does follows the pattern of
Backbone.SOMETHING.extend.
And then all of the functions
are just kind of
shoved in here inside of these objects.
And that's all we need to worry about,
okay?